what's the return of my interviews here
at the offline house for the holiday
video interview extravaganza that I'm
putting out here at the end of the year
I'm joined right now by Christian who a
lot of people might not know but
actually is a co-founder of offline and
has worked with scar for quite some time
maybe you can elaborate a little bit
more sort of what your role has been
within the house the house and and also
just because you've been I've known you
friend and League eSports for a bit now
yes so I actually started off hosting
viewing parties in Toronto I met scar
cuz I invited him out to be a guest and
he had just retired and didn't know what
to do with his brand
he just started streaming but didn't
really know how to grow as a content
creator so me with nothing else to do
became his video editor started editing
all his videos and I would always hit
the front page of Reddit he was really
happy with what I did
so he gave me more responsibilities I
eventually started negotiating all his
sponsorships and eventually became his
360 manager since I did such a great job
with him he recommended me to I'm a
cutie pie - pokey and to a bunch of
other content creators started working
with them ended up having Skype calls
with SCARA and my talent pretty much
every single day and eventually you know
just decided to move down to LA just
just made sense
so Escarra yuna and myself and then poki
was looking for a place to stay in LA so
she joined our house and it slowly
dawned on us that hey we should start
collaborating together yeah a lot of
times streamers are very lonely
it's a extreme ten hours a day don't
have much social interaction and we also
felt that streamers are very different
type of kind of creators you just sit
there and play you know live but they
don't really get to collaborate they
don't get to experiment with new things
all they do is play games for 10 hours a
day so we have the idea of hey let's
let's start to collaborate create some
new content and yeah we we we started
doing content it didn't really work out
in the beginning a lot of misfires and
I think it took about a year until we
released our first video and then yeah
we just moved to a bigger house I
started managing poke lols which I
invited out to LA to collaborate with us
as well and then fed my sermon through
pokey and of course Lily I started
managing her about a year ago
and and I invited her to the house as
well so you know I saw Talent and I saw
some very talented individuals that did
great stuff on their own and figured
let's just try to like get together and
see what comes out and so far it's been
pretty fun yeah what is it like living
in the offline house with all these guys
because you are you know a lot of a lot
of these guys are pretty much in their
20s I would guess that you are also in
your mid-20s Chris I know I mean you're
a little older than some of these guys
right so it's just a little bit and and
so it's it's got to be you know SCARA
had just mentioned he's used to living
in gaming houses before but this is I
mean you got married and then you
shortly after moved your wife into a
glorified frat house right so yeah so
what is this experience bit like for you
it's been amazing actually I didn't
experience the whole frat house thing
when I was younger I commuted to
university and so this was making up for
those last year's and it's been a lot of
fun and to go back on my role and
everything I guess it's to kind of I
work with each person individually which
I get to in this house because I get to
talk to everyone interact with them all
the time and get to know them like
inside and out
but also it's my job to look after the
business side of offline TV and as well
as paint the big you know the bigger
picture but yeah it's like a frat house
if you've lived in a frat house before
it's exactly like that actually Rebecca
and I enjoy it so much because Rebecca
your wife my wife Rebecca we enjoyed so
much because I don't know it's just
you're hanging out and then scar finish
the stream he just pops in and that's
hey what's what's going on like we just
hang out and then Lilly comes in and fed
and everything so it's just like it just
feels like a family so it's been just
really fun the way I like to describe it
is I've never been part of a a team
house but it's probably like a team
house without the pressure of having to
yeah which is a very nice team house to
be it I think no I mean that's really
cool on the other hand you know I've
heard it oh here's one this dog which
has been mentioned Lily peachy's dog has
been mentioned in all these different
videos that I've done unfortunately
didn't get a shot of it but ran over
here the the there were a lot of
elements of living this house that while
I'm sure it's fun to have Skaar pop in
and say hi to you the dog and sort of
the bathroom antics of the dog I think
is a good way to pit there's a lot of
kind of craziness that goes down here
are you kind of trying to be a
stabilizing force with all that stuff I
know I'm not like a housekeeper or or
nanny or anything like that everyone's
kind of responsible for keeping track of
their own stuff even though they don't
really do it I think that you have to be
very loose and relaxed if you want to
live here it's always something going on
the house whether you know pokey and
Skaar are streaming like five to ten
hours a day and they're screaming in
their rooms so you can hear them all the
time so yeah I think it's fine I know
they're the Tami's not the cleanest dog
in the world but it's it's fine yeah I
think it's interesting because in some
of these interviews you've been
described you both you and Rebekah have
as a parent as the parents of the house
so maybe not the housekeeper by any
means but the sort of the mature
adults right yes I would say
we're the most mature functioning adults
in the house we try our best to make
sure that people clean up after
themselves to make sure that you know
they don't pay their bills that rent
gets paid and and like you know stuff in
the house gets fixed like yeah I guess
we've been kind of put in that position
where like the mom and dad gives us
practice like I guess for our eventual
kid what not to get too personal but I
you know I are Facebook friends there's
a great picture that you posted where
you're holding your wife on your wedding
day and you're gazing off in the
distance and you said this was the exact
moment when I realize I had forgotten to
tell my wife that I was moving here to
California to live with a bunch of
gaming
kids I'm sure that you you guys have
that conversation before but there's a
very unconventional way to transition a
marriage it's living this in this way so
what I mean
in you guys were in Toronto so what has
that aspect of all that's been like
moving to Toronto sort of navigating all
this stuff yeah so it's been tough
actually when I moved down here it was
very sudden I just told her Oh blue that
hey I'm moving to LA I know we're
engaged but I'll be away for the next
year before a wedding
so that was challenging and yeah for her
to move here she's been really like just
supportive of me and everything that I
do so she said what's the question again
yeah it's basically like how have you
navigated like the family you and and
new wife and everything living here yeah
yeah so I never gated through this it
was actually very easy she's always
supportive what I do in Toronto we've
struggled a lot in the past I guess a
couple years of doing events there I
struggled a lot when I became an editor
and became a manager was it until that
we found our recent success that things
have been a lot more smooth so she's
been there for me from day one so for
her to come here from for her to live in
the house has actually been a very easy
transition because she's supportive yeah
I guess it's the best way to put it but
ideally we would have our own place with
our own family so for now alkaline tv is
a family but we're planning to move out
although there's an off chance that we
may stay in the house depending on what
new house we find we'll see we'll see
what happens I'm sure so other than that
any unique challenges you need funny
stories here at the house anything that
kind of kind of you know I work in and
Josh specifically said I should ask you
about living in the house and any crazy
stories because I hear there's ton of
stuff like this down there's nothing
really we're not allowed to have pets we
have two dogs seems like a complex yeah
a huge conflict right now everyone's
very meticulous in their the way that
they want this off line TV content to be
done so a lot of varying opinion a lot
of cooks in the kitchen so to manage
that has been an amazing challenge
jeez I can't think of any specific funny
stories but you can see most of it on
our channel anyways but living here is
it's kinda like a dream and I'm gonna
miss it it's yeah it's been been really
great well hey there's a lot of fans I'm
sure that are watching this that are
fans of the offline content is there
anything that you would say to any of
them or any anything you want to throw
out there for all the stuff because yeah
I mean relatively new channel right
about six months old so I mean anything
you you want to say to anybody out there
I know a lot of you fans applied to be a
part of this house thousands of you have
sent messages to us on twitter facebook
instagram email whatever it is and i
think for you to join the house or for
you to become a content creator you just
have to try a lot of you probably have
doubts in your mind about your content
probably get very discouraged when you
have ten viewers or a hundred views on a
youtube channel or video or whatever it
is but just put out whatever it is that
you want to do and you're always gonna
improve as you go forward no one really
knows what they're gonna end up doing
you just have to start and you
eventually just naturally get there and
that's what a lot people in this house
have done so that's the message to all
the fans that want to join us and again
thank you for supporting us without you
guys obviously we wouldn't be around and
2017 it's been a very experimental year
for offline TV we actually haven't been
putting a hundred percent into it to be
very frank but 2018 every member here is
dedicated to put a lot more time into it
a lot more resources to to grow the
channel and to make more content
all right cool well I'm excited for 2018
to see you know what mariachi bands are
gonna pop up where the wireless
keyboards can be plugged in who's gonna
smash who or impasse on who so much so
much exciting stuff to come out so thank
you so much for the interview always
looking forward to seeing what you guys
have in store next and for everyone else
you can check out more coverage of all
things You Tube superstars on the rise
right here on my youtube channel
well wasn't that interviewer ride it
certainly was for me I watched the whole
thing as I'm filming this outro I
totally know which interview this video
is being attached to you can check out
the rest of my coverage here sub and you
know check out Travis Khafre comm slash
support